c:\users\kaur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\bin\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.exe.config
c:\users\kaur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\bin\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.exe
c:\users\kaur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\bin\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.pdb
c:\users\kaur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\bin\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.xml
c:\users\kaur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.Form1.resources
c:\users\kaur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.Resources.resources
c:\users\kaur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kaur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.exe
c:\users\kaur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.xml
c:\users\kaur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.pdb
C:\Users\Kaur\Dropbox\Progamine\VB.NET\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\bin\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.exe.config
C:\Users\Kaur\Dropbox\Progamine\VB.NET\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.exe
C:\Users\Kaur\Dropbox\Progamine\VB.NET\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.xml
C:\Users\Kaur\Dropbox\Progamine\VB.NET\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.pdb
C:\Users\Kaur\Dropbox\Progamine\VB.NET\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\bin\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.exe
C:\Users\Kaur\Dropbox\Progamine\VB.NET\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\bin\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.pdb
C:\Users\Kaur\Dropbox\Progamine\VB.NET\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\bin\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.xml
C:\Users\Kaur\Dropbox\Progamine\VB.NET\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kaur\Dropbox\Progamine\VB.NET\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.Main.resources
C:\Users\Kaur\Dropbox\Progamine\VB.NET\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Kaur\Dropbox\Progamine\VB.NET\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Kaur\SkyDrive\Development\Progamine\VB.NET\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\bin\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.exe.config
C:\Users\Kaur\SkyDrive\Development\Progamine\VB.NET\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.exe
C:\Users\Kaur\SkyDrive\Development\Progamine\VB.NET\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.xml
C:\Users\Kaur\SkyDrive\Development\Progamine\VB.NET\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.pdb
C:\Users\kaurp\Desktop\Development\Visual Studio\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\bin\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.exe.config
C:\Users\kaurp\Desktop\Development\Visual Studio\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\bin\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.exe
C:\Users\kaurp\Desktop\Development\Visual Studio\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\bin\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.pdb
C:\Users\kaurp\Desktop\Development\Visual Studio\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\bin\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.xml
C:\Users\kaurp\Desktop\Development\Visual Studio\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kaurp\Desktop\Development\Visual Studio\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.Main.resources
C:\Users\kaurp\Desktop\Development\Visual Studio\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.Resources.resources
C:\Users\kaurp\Desktop\Development\Visual Studio\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\kaurp\Desktop\Development\Visual Studio\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\kaurp\Desktop\Development\Visual Studio\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.exe
C:\Users\kaurp\Desktop\Development\Visual Studio\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.xml
C:\Users\kaurp\Desktop\Development\Visual Studio\Geopeitus_Logi\Geopeitus_Logi\obj\Debug\Geopeitus_Logi.pdb
